Haldran Amberale / Matthew

The group continued their travel to the [[Lizardfolk Camp]] remaining hatching helped describe what it looked like and with the help of Shade, we find the entrance. We presented the dead bodies of the two that perished during the Bullywug fight and it seemed that the lizard folk appreciated it. We were given free reign through the lair and set off to explore. Vyth, Kaldor and Amos found an armory seeing some weapons and shields stored, a kitchen with some lizard folk, trying some fishy meat substance, a throne room and a training room eventually finding the Queen in that room. After being tested, they were shown to the Barracks and the Pooling Room. Perrin and Oceanus initially found the Dining hall, and after hearing some commotion to the right, and knowing that Shade went that direction, they moved that way to see if they could figure out what was going on. They found some valuables in a room, but continued into the next room where there was chest. It was unlocked by Perrin, but triggered a poison cloud trap in the room and they left the room deciding to try to meet up with Shade. Shade heard the sharpening of blades coming from a room and decided to knock on the door. As the door opened, 6 lizard folk were staring at Shade, who quickly raised his hands and convinced them he was not a threat or attacking. They clapped him on the back and started having drinks with him. Shade was able to share a sharpening technique that proved to be very helpful to the Lizard folk gaining an additional boon in our favor. He learned the leader of the group was named Litrix and gained an understanding with them, despite not having the ability to speak Draconic.

Shade, Perrin and Oceanus got back together and began trying to find their other party members, following the footprints of Kaldor and Amos, eventually finding the Training Room and being shown to the Pooling Room, and the rest of the party. In the Pooling Room we found a group of Cecaelia, a race of people with a human torso and tentacles for feet, Locathah, Fish people with legs, Koalinth, Goblinoids of the sea, and a different group of Lizard folk. A group VERY well known, by our death cleric, Vyth. His old tribe. Faced with the complicated reunion of Vyth with his former tribe, the party will have to find a way to, maybe, help Vyth coexist with the tribe, to help the groups fight back against the Sahuagin.
