At the start of the session we head inland, making landfall before the damaged ship sinks. We hit the shore about halfway to our destination. Flint repairs the broken boat with gathered wood and the mending spell. Some of us get a short rest while the talented ones among us fix up the ships. We're back on the water in about an hour, following the coast upland. The lizard folk hatchlings show us where the path through the marsh is. They show us a rough map through the marsh. a little upstream of the Dunwater delta. The unmarked, wild trail heads inland towards the mountains. They are coming with us, know the trail, and are willing to be our introduction to get us in. 

We march in a tight group, alert for threats as our ranger and the common speaking lizardfolk take the lead. Hours into the trip, we are deep in the swamp when the lizardfolk in the lead tells us in common that we are approaching a secret passage that will take us to the lair. Just as he says it, some frog faced dipshit flops out of the muck and makes a big ruckus, something like down with the lizardfolk or some such swamp peasant rabble-rousing rubbish. Before we know it, a dozen of these slimy little bastards pop out of the water all around. The lizardfolk says these bullywugs are the reason they had to leave this land in the first place, so it seems like we should help them. The froggy little fuckers leap at us, and we defend ourselves During the battle, two of our lizardfolk guides, one of which is the only that speaks common, are killed. We rally to protect him against this diminutive hoard, when the kind of the slimy little dipshits rose from the muck on a giant frog.

We decimated his forces and he called a retreat, nearly getting snatched off the back of his frog mount by out druid who turned into a giant frog himself. He proved to be a slippery little slimy bastard and got away. We took stock, got our bearings, and headed towards where the hatchling had indicated the secret passage was. Our plan is to go slow and look for the secret entrance he mentioned. We prepare the dead to be returned to their people and head off.