We didn't have a session on valentines day

We find the nests of the 3 creatures and I'm able to study it after we bind it. We gather up the eggs and I study the creature, learning about it. It's a monstrosity, an apex predator that reproduces asexually. They fight against themselves so they never really infest an area, because they do their own population control.  We talk through the ways we can communicate with it and work out that I can magically combine my comprehend languages spell with another caster's speak with animals spells to create the speak with monstrosities spell. We decide to try and get it to move to the coast and attack sahuagin. I draw an image of one on the ground with my quill. Then we arrange the eggs to show they're in our control as a display of intimidation, and wake it with a 1 hp lay on hands. It pushes back violently but I anticipated this response from a creature of such low cunning. It doesn't understand how badly it's outmatched, and I simply knock it out. I recompose myself and take his eggs in my hand. We wake him again with another 1hp lay on hands and I really turn the screws. I  intimidate it by threatening to end him and his bloodline. Dumb as the monstrosity is, it's smart enough to know it's beaten. It agrees to migrate to the coast AND to hunt sahuagin for us. A win all around. After he leaves with his eggs, we harvest the remains of the thousand teeth before heading back to report a swift and decisive success. We head back. 

Arriving in the evening, she welcomes us to an audience before dinner. We report what happened, she was expecting to hear that the thousand teeth was murdered based on how quickly we returned. I wowed her with the story of how I invented a new spell on the fly so that we could speak and negotiate with it. She was impressed, and laughed at the good natured banter of our group as they gave me a good ribbing over my brilliant negotiation skills. She explains that [[Thousand Teeth the Devourer]] is considered almost a minor diety and a good omen, which is why they didn't want them killed. They are appreciative that we not only relocated it, but that we recruited it to fight against the sahuagin. She tells us they plan to take back their homeland soon and asks us to join. We defer, I don't feel comfortable committing to a war on behalf of saltmash and that we must return home and speak with them before we committed to a war. She agrees to share their war plans with us on the morrow so that we may in turn discuss the coming war with the [[Saltmarsh Town Council]]. She agrees, and we feast. When we return to our quarters, the Queen sends us a reward of two healing potions. We ask about whether or not they would like to try and raise a thousand teeth, since they revere them. The attendant tell us it would be a great blessing to have the queens mount be such a revered creature. Amos produces an egg, and we give the gift freely. He is dumbfounded by our generosity, naturally. We rest after a long day, and awaken to new powers an abilities.